hi everybody this is Jodi from style
delights and today I am going to talk to
you about a curling iron by Conair and
it's not an ordinary curling iron
it's called infinity pro con air curl
secret and it's not a regular curling
iron with a rod or a wand it has a
little barrel here and all the magic
happens inside I'll show in a second how
it does before I start talking about how
it curls and how to use it I just wanted
to show you that this little red light
you see here so when you turn on the
power it starts blinking and when it
stops blinking and becomes a solid red
it means that your iron is ready to use
it has two settings low and high so
depending on the texture of your hair
and what kind of heat do you want for
them you can set it up also this another
button right here shows eight ten and
twelve
second settings it's the amount of time
you want your hair to curl for so when
you press this little thing down and you
hear if they hair in and you hear the
beep that is the amount of time you set
it up for a 10 or 12 second so how it
works here is it has a little barrel
inside and when you put your hair it
just all the hair slides in gently and
curls it inside you can't see it you can
only see it when you release it and you
see the curls falling down so without
further ado let me show you how it works
so first of all I have put it on high
setting because my hair is very thick
and coarse and very dry and usually
takes a lot of heat for them to get to
behave make sure your hair is clean and
dry and you are use any kind of heat
protectant um to save them from
overheating and from burning so I don't
have that little comb with the pointy
things on using this oil I shadow brush
to part my hair and section section them
off so I'll show you first of all you
have to make sure that your hair is
nicely combed and
if you have longer hair you should make
the section thinner because it curls out
evenly and nicely so let me show you how
it works so this open big area of the
curling iron is always facing your head
you will see the red little arrow here
make sure that it faces your head
either on this side or the other side it
always should face your head and let me
show you
what you do is take your hair put them
inside the opening and just gently press
it down this curling iron slides the
hair in and you hear the beep there's
that that's a sign that you should
release it nice smooth curl and it's
really good for people who are learning
to how to use curling irons and how to
curl the hair like young adults and
teenagers and young girls because it
doesn't have any open hot area which you
might be burned with so it's really
really very safe so what I'm doing is
again sectioning my hair in thin
sections and take my hair
press it down and wait for the beep
I hear the beep I gently slide it see I
told you just like magic and this iron
I'm thinking that this island will be
really good for like even for kids like
don't use any kind of products in their
hair but for special occasions like if
they're flower girls or you know a
holiday season is coming so you see
little girls in their beautiful little
dresses how fun it would be to curl
their hair and you know just have a
little boring flower in there for family
portraits and everything so it's very
easy to use very safe and very fun
little gadget just slide your hair press
the iron down wait for the beep
and gently release and you can see I
have a lot of hair so it will take me a
long time to curl everything although
with this iron I can cut down my curling
time literally in half because a 10 or
12 seconds is the only time it takes to
curl and then it's just done very
quickly so I'm hoping that because my
hair
they're so long and so thick I'll be
able to cut down on my curling time and
I'll show you one more strand right
there and then after I cut all my hair
down I'll meet you right back here to
show how it looks deep again done high
so as you see I have curled all my hair
it didn't take me long to call them
because because the Infinity core secret
here was my secret weapon to cut my
curling time in half and so either I can
just lose them leave them loose like
that use some spray and hold hairspray
or sometimes I like to do is let's take
a little section at the top of my head
like right there and at this point I'm
not using any brush or comb or anything
I'm just using my fingers so my curls
don't open and I just use a little pin
like that so it's just like a little up
- down - together or there's another way
I do usually when I call my hair these
twisty little pins you see right there
yeah so it's like they go in one
direction and they go inside like a
screw I think these are also corneal and
I got them from a dog store I guess but
to do is take all my hair at one side
take one section on top of the hair like
that and wrap it around my hair
like that and use these twist days to
just like you're screwing these little
pins inside your hair and and it's this
hairstyle is good if you're wearing like
a dress or something in a party and you
want to show your earrings off or
something like that to take um your like
everyday outfit to a little bit you know
starlit level I guess so I hope you try
corneal curl secret and and tell me how
it worked out for you and I'll make more
videos and when I do I'll see you again
bye